2-way associations update (#569)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/first-steps/manage-type-association.md

Associations types are used to link products together.

For example, you can link a product to its accessories. The code for this association type could be “ACCESSORIES”.

There are two different association types:

> *   The 1-way association (a product A is associated to a product B).

Author: OK

> 

Reviewer: Ca vaudrait le coup de revoir un peu cette partie "view", je pense. Ca fait un peu bizarre d'avoir un titre, et juste une phrase si courte. Peut être ajouter un screenshot?

# Create an association type

## Create a 1-way association type

:::info
You must have the permission to create an association type from the PIM.
:::

To create an 1-way association type:
1.  Click on the `Create association type` button

> 1.  Select the code of the association type you want to create

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Fill in the code of the association type you want to create
```

1.  Click on Save

The association type has now been created and the edit page is displayed.  

> The labels can be changed.

Reviewer: je le mettrais sous forme de tips

Author: Done

> The labels can be changed.

Reviewer 2: ?
```suggestion
The labels can be updated after the creation
```

## Create a 2-way association type

:::info

> You must have the permission to create an association type from the PIM.

Author: OK, I set it right under "Create an association type" title.

:::

> To create an 2-way association type:

Reviewer: "a"

1.  Click on the `Create association type` button
1.  Select the code of the association type you want to create
1.  Turn the "2-way association" button from "No" to "Yes"
1.  Click on Save

![image](../img/Association_types_2-way_button.png)

The association type has now been created and the edit page is displayed.  

> The labels can be changed.

Reviewer: idem, je le mettrais sous forme de tips

Author: OK

> The code cannot be changed once created.

Reviewer: je le mettrais en warning ou info

Author: OK

The association type is then deleted.

:::warning
If an association type is used by at least one product, then the association type cannot be deleted: an error message is displayed to let the user know that the association type is used and cannot be deleted.
:::

# Check the association type history

Changes made on association types are recorded and visible under the history tab of the association type.

> :For each change, a version of the association type is created. The following information is tracked down for each version:

Reviewer: il faut enlever les ":" au début et à la fin de la phrase. Ou les changer en "info" ?

Author: Bien vu, merci
